fix: vite client types (#7877)
vitejs/vite: docs/guide/env-and-mode.md

}
```

> In order to be compatible with different environments within the browser, Such as [DOM](https://github.com/microsoft/TypeScript/blob/main/lib/lib.dom.d.ts), [WebWorker](https://github.com/microsoft/TypeScript/blob/main/lib/lib.webworker.d.ts), we should add the [lib](https://www.typescriptlang.org/tsconfig#lib) field in `tsconfig.json`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If your code relies on types from browser environments such as [DOM](https://github.com/microsoft/TypeScript/blob/main/lib/lib.dom.d.ts) and [WebWorker](https://github.com/microsoft/TypeScript/blob/main/lib/lib.webworker.d.ts), you can update the [lib](https://www.typescriptlang.org/tsconfig#lib) field in `tsconfig.json`.
```
